[Music]
what does kepler teach us louise
we will not think about ourselves
we will not let our emotions guide us
we do this for the many
she was called mother earth
we plundered everything she offered
all reproductive efforts failed for both
men and women
they want to prove that we can procreate
here
survivors i saw a child
without transmission none of this even
matters
why are you following me i want to help
you
[Music]
we waited so long i'm so pleased that
you're here with us now
it's imperative now that we bring our
people
[Music]
are they coming
the human race doesn't need us to
survive
are you still with us
none of us should have come back
you